what are we doing out here in the open
guys find somebody before they find us
that was not cool
it's okay guys I don't think the sauce
hell I don't think they even hurt us
splendid dude now what are we supposed
to do dude yeah Rob I mean there's a ton
of those things in there okay so what's
your point Mac well exactly so why don't
you just keep that big mouth of yours
shut all right and the rest of you don't
need to worry I've got a plan
well then let's hear it Rob alright then
everybody shut up and listen okay this
plan is gonna work we need to draw all
those robots out of there Vic Mac you
two are gonna be decoys you'll need to
draw those robots out of that area
decoys yeah just get their attention and
have them chase after you draw them out
of that area so we can finish the rest
of the plan I know it's going to be
dangerous I know but we'll be a lot more
danger if you don't do it fine okay good
now the rest of us will wait here and
make that energy bomb almost told us
about right how old me and Vic know when
you guys are done almost explain to me
the great amount of energy from the
sphere that we put the bomb we will be
able to feel it since we were able to
use the spirit okay
it sure is then for how simple and easy
it is we cannot make a single mistake
can't miss this chance right understand
this guy's if we fail here this is
simple task if we fail this we don't get
a second chance for how some of this
plan is let's carry it out perfectly
let's show these guys that there is a
reason why we exist even if we don't
know what that purpose is
we're gonna show these guys that we're
gonna die defending that purpose
can we do this or you win
I'm in a bit
I mean dude you know me might call
something
yeah I'm in let's bring in it guys
all right random on three one two three
Oh lieutenant OHS oh yes what does the
DA junuh oh well my lord I just wish to
inform you that an old friend of yours
wishes to say hello who might this old
friend of mine be Arjuna
my lord Thanatos I'm honored to be in
your service once again Arjuna I gave
strict orders not to awaken Ares until
time of battle you know Ares his AI is
too unstable to be around us he could
jeopardize many my brother Santos it was
simply out of his concern that he awoke
me how do you interrupt me Ares
I have no reason whatsoever to they
might trust you after what you did in
our last battle oh that was over a
thousand years ago I am still dedicated
and devoted to you as ever willing to
lay down my life at you at any time and
the same goes for the rest of my
brothers we stand by your side ready to
aid your every need we fight to the
death and take as many of them with us
very well news stone that your insanity
get the best of you it is a task I can
accomplish
may I remind you once more the three
devil brothers are willing to serve
thank you guys now if any of you seen
commander Hades come through here
come on de Hades yes he just went down
that way my lord
Thank You Joshua it was still as
loyalism
commander 80s for Muslim
commander look my lord
hey guys what's up that's not possible
that's not possible I bet you're
probably thinking this is the last place
you would ever find a random er like me
hell of a cave right huh
so weird well all you guys can kiss my
ass because we at random hate you how
about it
oh hey evil minion seen robots what's up
dudes boom so what are you guys gonna do
about it huh
you don't think they'll get caught do
you rob
two can run as fast as their mouths
those guys will never catch them all
right let's go
Holt in the name of the great almighty
all-powerful all-knowing all awesomeness
all super fantastic
nice one Rob Thanks
spread out guys look for a good open
spot hey Rob how about right here
yeah the spots perfect alright guys form
a circle right here
okay we all know how to do this so let's
do it right
all right guys fire it up that's it it's
working how long do they keep this day
as long as we can Steve can't be too
long guys speaking Matt can't run
forever
dude